---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sftpgo_actions Data Source - sftpgo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of event actions.
---

# sftpgo_actions (Data Source)

Fetches the list of event actions.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `actions` (Attributes List) List of event actions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `id` (String) Required to use the test framework. Just a placeholder.

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Optional description.
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String) Unique name.
- `options` (Attributes) Configuration options specific for the action type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options))
- `type` (Number) Action type. 1 = HTTP, 2 = Command, 3 = Email, 4 = Backup, 5 = User quota reset, 6 = Folder quota reset, 7 = Transfer quota reset, 8 = Data retention check, 9 = Filesystem, 10 = Metadata check, 11 = Password expiration check, 12 = User expiration check, 13 = Identity Provider account check.

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options`

Read-Only:

- `cmd_config` (Attributes) External command action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--cmd_config))
- `email_config` (Attributes) Email action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--email_config))
- `fs_config` (Attributes) Filesystem action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config))
- `http_config` (Attributes) HTTP action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--http_config))
- `idp_config` (Attributes) Identity Provider account check action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--idp_config))
- `pwd_expiration_config` (Attributes) Password expiration action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--pwd_expiration_config))
- `retention_config` (Attributes) Data retention action configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--retention_config))

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--cmd_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.cmd_config`

Read-Only:

- `args` (List of String) Command line arguments.
- `cmd` (String) Absolute path to the command to execute.
- `env_vars` (Attributes List) Environment variables to set for the external command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--cmd_config--env_vars))
- `timeout` (Number) Time limit for the command in seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--cmd_config--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.cmd_config.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--email_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.email_config`

Read-Only:

- `attachments` (List of String) Paths to attach. The total size is limited to 10 MB.
- `body` (String)
- `content_type` (Number) 1 means text/html 0 or omitted means text/plain.
- `recipients` (List of String)
- `subject` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.fs_config`

Read-Only:

- `compress` (Attributes) Configuration for paths to compress as zip. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--compress))
- `copy` (Attributes List) Paths to copy. The key is the source path, the value is the target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--copy))
- `deletes` (List of String) Paths to delete.
- `exist` (List of String) Paths to check for existence.
- `mkdirs` (List of String) Directories paths to create.
- `renames` (Attributes List) Paths to rename. The key is the source path, the value is the target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--renames))
- `type` (Number) 1 = Rename, 2 = Delete, 3 = Mkdir, 4 = Exist, 5 = Compress, 6 = Copy.

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--compress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.fs_config.type`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Full path to the zip file.
- `paths` (List of String) Paths to include in the compressed archive.


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--copy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.fs_config.type`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--fs_config--renames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.fs_config.type`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--http_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.http_config`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String) Request body for POST/PUT.
- `endpoint` (String) HTTP endpoint to invoke.
- `headers` (Attributes List) Headers to add to the HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--headers))
- `method` (String) HTTP method: GET, POST, PUT.
- `parts` (Attributes List) Multipart requests allow to combine one or more sets of data into a single body. For each part, you can set a file path or a body as text. Placeholders are supported in file path, body, header values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--parts))
- `password` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `query_parameters` (Attributes List) Query parameters to add to the HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--query_parameters))
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) If enabled any certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate are accepted. In this mode, TLS is susceptible to machine-in-the-middle attacks.
- `timeout` (Number) Time limit for the request in seconds. Ignored for multipart requests with files as attachments.
- `username` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.http_config.username`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--parts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.http_config.username`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String)
- `filepath` (String) Path to the file to be sent as an attachment.
- `headers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--username--headers))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--username--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.http_config.username.headers`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--http_config--query_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.http_config.username`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--idp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.idp_config`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (Number) 0 means create or update the account, 1 means create the account if it doesn't exist.
- `template_admin` (String) SFTPGo admin template in JSON format.
- `template_user` (String) SFTPGo user template in JSON format.


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--pwd_expiration_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.pwd_expiration_config`

Read-Only:

- `threshold` (Number) An email notification will be generated for users whose password expires in a number of days less than or equal to this threshold.


<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--retention_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.retention_config`

Read-Only:

- `folders` (Attributes List) Folders to apply data retention rules to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--options--retention_config--folders))

<a id="nestedatt--actions--options--retention_config--folders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.options.retention_config.folders`

Read-Only:

- `delete_empty_dirs` (Boolean) If enabled, empty directories will be deleted.
- `ignore_user_permissions` (Boolean) Defines whether to delete files even if the user does not have the "delete" permission, by default files will be skipped if the user does not have the "delete" permission.
- `path` (String) Path for which to apply the retention rules.
- `retention` (Number) Retention as hours. 0 as retention means excluding the specified path.


