---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sftpgo_folders Data Source - sftpgo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of virtual folders.
---

# sftpgo_folders (Data Source)

Fetches the list of virtual folders.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `folders` (Attributes List) List of virtual folders. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders))
- `id` (String) Required to use the test framework. Just a placeholder.

<a id="nestedatt--folders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Optional description.
- `filesystem` (Attributes) Filesystem configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem))
- `id` (String) Matches the `name` attribute.
- `last_quota_update` (Number) Last quota update as unix timestamp in milliseconds
- `mapped_path` (String) Absolute path to a local directory. This is the folder root path for local storage provider. For non-local filesystems it will store temporary files.
- `name` (String) Unique name
- `used_quota_files` (Number) Used quota as number of files.
- `used_quota_size` (Number) Used quota as bytes.

<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem`

Read-Only:

- `azblobconfig` (Attributes) Azure Blob Storage configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--azblobconfig))
- `cryptconfig` (Attributes) Encrypted local filesystem configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--cryptconfig))
- `ftpconfig` (Attributes) Remote FTP server configuration details. Available in the Enterprise edition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--ftpconfig))
- `gcsconfig` (Attributes) Google Cloud Storage configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--gcsconfig))
- `httpconfig` (Attributes) HTTP/S remote filesystem configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--httpconfig))
- `osconfig` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--osconfig))
- `provider` (Number) Provider. 0 = local filesystem, 1 = S3 Compatible, 2 = Google Cloud, 3 = Azure Blob, 4 = Local encrypted, 5 = SFTP, 6 = HTTP
- `s3config` (Attributes) S3 compatible object storage configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--s3config))
- `sftpconfig` (Attributes) Remote SFTP server configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--folders--filesystem--sftpconfig))

<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--azblobconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.azblobconfig`

Read-Only:

- `access_tier` (String) Blob access tier. Valid values: empty, Archive, Hot, Cool.
- `account_key` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `account_name` (String) Storage account name. Leave blank to use SAS URL.
- `container` (String) Azure Blob Storage container name.
- `download_concurrency` (Number) How many parts are downloaded in parallel.
- `download_part_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for multipart downloads.
- `endpoint` (String) Optional endpoint
- `key_prefix` (String) If specified then the SFTPGo user will be restricted to objects starting with this prefix.
- `sas_url` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `upload_concurrency` (Number) How many parts are uploaded in parallel.
- `upload_part_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for multipart uploads.
- `use_emulator` (Boolean) If true, the Azure Storage Emulator (Azurite) is used instead of the cloud service.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--cryptconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.cryptconfig`

Read-Only:

- `passphrase` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `read_buffer_size` (Number) Optional read buffer size, as MB, to use for downloads.
- `write_buffer_size` (Number) Optional write buffer size, as MB, to use for uploads.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--ftpconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.ftpconfig`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String) FTP endpoint as host:port.
- `password` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) If true, the TLS certificate of the FTP server is not verified.
- `tls_mode` (Number) 0 disabled, 1 Explicit, 2 Implicit.
- `username` (String) Username for FTP authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--gcsconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.gcsconfig`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (String) The ACL to apply to uploaded objects. Empty means the bucket default.
- `automatic_credentials` (Number) If set to 1 SFTPGo will use credentials from the environment
- `bucket` (String) GCS bucket name.
- `credentials` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `hns` (Number) 1 if Hierarchical namespace support is enabled for the bucket. Available in the Enterprise edition.
- `key_prefix` (String) If specified then the SFTPGo user will be restricted to objects starting with this prefix.
- `storage_class` (String) Google Cloud Storage class for uploaded objects (e.g. STANDARD, NEARLINE, COLDLINE, ARCHIVE). Leave empty for the default storage class.
- `universe_domain` (String) The universe domain to use for Google Cloud API requests. If omitted or empty, the default public domain (googleapis.com) is used. Set this value if you need to connect to a custom Google Cloud environment, such as Google Distributed Cloud or a Sovereign Cloud. Available in the Enterprise edition
- `upload_part_max_time` (Number) The maximum time allowed, in seconds, to upload a single chunk. The default value is 32. Not set means use the default.
- `upload_part_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for multipart uploads. The default value is 16MB. Not set means use the default.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--httpconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.httpconfig`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `endpoint` (String) HTTP/S endpoint URL. SFTPGo uses this URL as base; for example for the `stat` API, SFTPGo appends `/stat/{name}`.
- `equality_check_mode` (Number) Defines how to check if two configs point to the same server (enables renaming between matching configs). 0 = username and endpoint must match (default), 1 = only the endpoint must match.
- `password` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) If true, the TLS certificate of the HTTP endpoint is not verified. Use with caution.
- `username` (String) Username for HTTP basic authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--osconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.osconfig`

Read-Only:

- `read_buffer_size` (Number) Optional read buffer size, as MB, to use for downloads.
- `write_buffer_size` (Number) Optional write buffer size, as MB, to use for uploads.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--s3config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.s3config`

Read-Only:

- `access_key` (String) AWS Access Key ID for authentication. Leave blank when using IAM roles or instance profiles.
- `access_secret` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `acl` (String) The canned ACL to apply to uploaded objects. Empty means the bucket default.
- `bucket` (String) S3 bucket name.
- `download_concurrency` (Number) How many parts are downloaded in parallel. Ignored for partial downloads.
- `download_part_max_time` (Number) The maximum time allowed, in seconds, to download a single chunk. Not set means no timeout.
- `download_part_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for multipart downloads.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint is generally required for S3 compatible backends.
- `force_path_style` (Boolean) If enabled path-style addressing is used, i.e. http://s3.amazonaws.com/BUCKET/KEY
- `key_prefix` (String) If specified then the SFTPGo user will be restricted to objects starting with this prefix.
- `region` (String) S3 region.
- `role_arn` (String) IAM Role ARN to assume.
- `session_token` (String) Optional Session token that is a part of temporary security credentials provisioned by AWS STS.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) If set the S3 client accepts any TLS certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate. In this mode, TLS is susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks. This should be used only for testing.
- `sse_customer_key` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `storage_class` (String) S3 storage class for uploaded objects (e.g. STANDARD, STANDARD_IA, GLACIER). Leave empty for the default storage class.
- `upload_concurrency` (Number) How many parts are uploaded in parallel. Not set means the default (5).
- `upload_part_max_time` (Number) The maximum time allowed, in seconds, to upload a single chunk. Not set means no timeout.
- `upload_part_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for multipart uploads.


<a id="nestedatt--folders--filesystem--sftpconfig"></a>
### Nested Schema for `folders.filesystem.sftpconfig`

Read-Only:

- `buffer_size` (Number) The buffer size (in MB) to use for uploads/downloads.
- `disable_concurrent_reads` (Boolean) Concurrent reads are safe to use and disabling them will degrade performance. Some servers automatically delete files once they are downloaded; disable concurrent reads for such servers.
- `endpoint` (String) SFTP endpoint as host:port.
- `equality_check_mode` (Number) Defines how to check if two configs point to the same server (enables renaming between matching configs). 0 = username and endpoint must match (default), 1 = only the endpoint must match.
- `fingerprints` (List of String) SHA256 fingerprints to validate when connecting to the external SFTP server.
- `key_passphrase` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `password` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `prefix` (String) Restrict access to this path.
- `private_key` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>".
- `socks_password` (String) SFTPGo secret formatted as string: "$<status>$<key>$<additional data length>$<additional data><payload>". Available in the Enterprise edition.
- `socks_proxy` (String) The address of the SOCKS proxy server, including schema, host, and port. Examples: socks5://127.0.0.1:1080, socks4://127.0.0.1:1080, socks4a://127.0.0.1:1080. Available in the Enterprise edition.
- `socks_username` (String) The optional SOCKS username. Available in the Enterprise edition.
- `username` (String) Username for SFTP authentication.
